deadliest disease bruh.
I just tape my eyes closed when I walk down main mall. Makes it so I can't even look if I tried. Helps
re-entry is hard.
"Ok so UVIC and SFU have already had student led walkouts asking for hybrid learning options. If some of you guys are feeling this way, you aren’t alone! Let’s get together and rally for the PHO to recommend remote and in-person for everyone’s peace of mind."
In person sucks!
this is so dumb.
UBC subreddit is like a ring with Extroverts fighting Introverts
"I can’t take it anymore. Too many people, too many faces, I can’t focus and feel like I’m dying. Plus I have the constant fear that I’m going to contract the deadliest disease of the millennia so far.

I feel like there is no hope in sight. Walking down main mall freaks me out since I don’t know where to look. I end up looking at my shoes and bumping into people. And I know they all hate me. I wish we could go back to online."
/r/UBC tries to spot satire/troll challenge IMPOSSIBLE GONE WRONG GONE SEXUAL
I can’t even hold my pencil properly in class from shaking in terror. Glad someone else agrees with me.
"…deadliest disease of the millennium so far?

Lol. This post is peak r/ubc."
"Covid or not I feel like going forward all classes should be hybrid. Not sometimes in person and sometimes online but having the ability to stream in live vs watching recordings.

The infrastructure is already there. I wouldn't expect the profs to reply to any of the online / zoom chat but I would like the choice of being able to just zoom in if I felt like it.

The profs could just treat it like fully in person but if you prefer the online route then the option is there for you. 

Tests, labs, exams, still all in person though. I wouldn't expect the profs to go above and beyond to accommodate the online watchers aside from just starting / stopping the zoom stream."
Idk if this is a joke but I do find in-person exhausting sometimes
In your age range your chances of dying of covid especially if you are vaccinated is virtually 0% so thinking about it as the deadliest virus of the millennia gives the false impression of symmetrical risk. So be safe and don’t worry too much.
This is satire right
Ebola is back? Damn I missed the memo!
Same. SAME. In person actually made me skip class more!
Some y’all don’t get the joke 😬😬😂
"I can't pay attention online, since we went back in person I've been doing very well in class. I have ADHD though and need to seperate where I do work from home to be productive."
I feel bad for science students who get their labs cancelled. How are you supposed to learn hands on skills by watching someone else do it on a video
Not every individual of a species can adapt when the environment changes. Adapt to it or you get wiped out.
Stockholm syndrome much? How do you expect to ever function in the real world? May help you to look at actual risk by age.
The fact that so many people fell for this post 😂
"So, do you spend your entire life indoors? I get being nervous from catching rona, despite your claim of it being""the deadliest virus of the millennia"" which is just absurd! As for social anxiety, a lot of us have developed it to some degree after staying at home for 2 years. BUT this is life... It's not gonna happen at your desk, it happens out there where people are at."
Are u in BIE?
"Bro. Please stop. Let's ignore what you just said about covid being the ""deadliest disease of the millennia."" The one thing I hate about this reddit is that things can never be right. Somebody is always discontent with the status quo. Sorry, but your reddit post won't influence a University's teaching methods all that much. My advice: learn some social skills and adapt."
Eat burger and you will be fine?
bro is acting like catching covid means u have stage 8 brain cancer
That sucks.  But this is real life. You gotta learn to get past this fears.
***Ebola and the Black Plague have entered the chat***
Personally I can't learn anything with online and in person is how it is supposed to be. It's a bit of a rip of a bandaid to return but I know it'll be better in the long run
Tbh i actually think this is a joke and you’re doing a great job trolling people
There’s a girl in my class that always is shouting out answers and likes to banter with the prof during the class and she’s so loud and I can’t concentrate at all. I think I have adhd and have been trying to get diagnosed but currently I’m not so I’m just struggling a lot with no “”reason”” to be so confused in class. Idk what to do bc our classroom is small so no matter where I sit she’ll always distract me and I barely understand what’s going on in class when it’s just my own brain distracting me nevertheless someone else being disruptive. I wish classes were hybrid so people who want online class can do them online and people who want in person could do it in person :/
Therapy
